this is Michael Bryce I'm an executive
protection agent I've extracted my
client clean up is required you might
want to call the bomb squad
make it the fire department the my toe
I'm afraid stop have it be in a longer
the trial continues one of the world's
books truth living night with a key
witness to testify I can assure you we
modems that running so therefore that
assault Kincaid his bed
you big baby
did you say how come I have a job
singing the 10 foot even back
what twenty-seven times that's how many
times these tried to kill me 27
28 you will last one hour without me
don't be a little about where your
husband is you lost my husband is your
job
anyway
[Applause]
if you would mind the gun
you
if I've done
okay country 1 my bad your bad know what
life gives you
you make go away life doesn't usually
give you and then turn into a
beverage